[{"input":"choose flat in the upper right?","output":"Of course, that makes replies made by users in the nested view look completely out of context."},{"input":"Of course, that makes replies made by users in the nested view look completely out of context.","output":"&gt; Of course, that makes replies made by users in the nested view look completely out of context. I think we'll add the ability to 'show context' soon"},{"input":"will comments dissapear if ranked low enough? I can just see the pages with 5000 comments now..","output":"not yet, but we'll play around with it"},{"input":"is this the first ever reddit flame ;-)","output":"Ummm.... you're a stupid head."},{"input":"I don't think you need a step 4 on there, 3 took care of the '???'","output":"You obviously are new here.... oh wait... wrong website..."},{"input":"You obviously are new here.... oh wait... wrong website...","output":"I just think the southpark joke doesn't quite apply, since Guido found the mysterious ??? step before profit. I voted your comment 1 Funny"},{"input":"Google should be hiring linguists. They're the guys who really understand programming.","output":"If Larry Wall is the benchmark, then that statement is provably false. :-)"},{"input":"Thats a good idea but what happens if the spammers just remove the whatever from all of the email addresses in their database?","output":"Yepp, plus the idea ain't new at all. I know many people who have been using this approach for some 8 years now. Also, you don't need Gmail to sort your emails by address. Every decent email client on the planet will do that just as good. Lastly, this approach is only useful if you are actually fully determined to sueing those companies' arses. Otherwise, it's a complete waste of time. Bottom line: this article is rather useless."},{"input":"My only problem with this approach is that time in which a big bowl of spaghetti code gets created gets compress into a few a years. It takes time to get something right. Why isn't he taking this approach to writing 'arc' ?","output":"Writing software fast doesn't necessarily yield spaghetti code. In fact, the opposite seems more likely: that the only way to get code written fast is to be constantly rewriting it to keep it as clean as possible. That's what I did, at least."},{"input":"Writing software fast doesn't necessarily yield spaghetti code. In fact, the opposite seems more likely: that the only way to get code written fast is to be constantly rewriting it to keep it as clean as possible. That's what I did, at least.","output":"So now with reddit we even have a place to start a discussion with the author :)"},{"input":"Yepp, plus the idea ain't new at all. I know many people who have been using this approach for some 8 years now. Also, you don't need Gmail to sort your emails by address. Every decent email client on the planet will do that just as good. Lastly, this approach is only useful if you are actually fully determined to sueing those companies' arses. Otherwise, it's a complete waste of time. Bottom line: this article is rather useless.","output":"I've been doing this sort of filtering with PROCMAIL for over 10 years now. I guess the cool thing is that gmail allows you to create sorting rules based on this criteria, that is impossible with other 'free' email providors."},{"input":"So now with reddit we even have a place to start a discussion with the author :)","output":"Some people have been able to comment for longer than others ;-)"},{"input":"It wasn't posted here because we are all familiar with Paul Graham's site and have probably found it ourselves already. Always ready to answer a rhetorical question, at your service.","output":"entirely fair, if the site is solely intended to be a feed of the web. I thought, though, that reddit is also about rating well-known bits of the web, eg. Norvig's programming-in-10-years essay, and all of the other stuff of graham's, etc.."},{"input":"entirely fair, if the site is solely intended to be a feed of the web. I thought, though, that reddit is also about rating well-known bits of the web, eg. Norvig's programming-in-10-years essay, and all of the other stuff of graham's, etc..","output":"reddit is 'what's new online' not 'rate the web' So i for my part will demote anything old like this article."},{"input":"There is an interesting phenomenon occurring at reddit whereby the majority left-leaning denizens of the sight are slowly alienating the minority right-leaning ones like myself. The only question I have is why do I care? I'm not sure why I care if a story about some idiotic Italian magistrates gets voted up to the top of the 'hot' list, but I do. I'm starting to feel like I don't fit in here. Maybe you should change the name to 'blueit'.","output":"&gt; not sure why I care if a story about some idiotic Italian magistrates It's strange that this kind of head-in-the-sand dismissal of the international picture has become associated with the right. It seems to really weaken their hand. I have read that there is a belief in the US gov decision making process along the lines that because the US is so powerful, they now create history and don't really have to worry about international concerns and historical precedents."},{"input":"actually, as a lifelong atheist, i think it might be a good idea to have an official state church in the USA. a single officially recognized, state funded, church denomination that was considered the 'default religion' for anybody who didn't choose to opt out of it and pick another - would have to cater to everyone, could not afford to discriminate or act too fundamentalist crazy. it would have to be a church for the whole people, and therefore couldn't make enemies of anybody, really. and because it'd be the largest religion by far, it -- with its necessary tolerance -- would become the standard for other denominations to be judged by. an association with the state would tame religion, i think. or, since this _is_ the USA we're talking about, maybe it would destroy the state. politics here have a way of being bass-ackwards a lot of the time.","output":" what about Consumerism as the new religion? I can see it now: 'Buying is the new tithe' "},{"input":"you know, I like Paul Grahams stuff. I'm not one of these people who dislike him because he's successful or because he's popular. Interestingly he wrote an essay on Being Popular, but it was talking about quite the opposite. Now he's popular, does that cause problems? Anyway, I've decided to register with Reddit and post something, but only because I'm avoiding doing this particular piece of work ;) As I've said, I like Pauls work, BUT I just get the feeling that its waning - his earlier stuff was was a real 'wow' factor for me as it was exactly what I'd been thinking and mirrored what we were doing. What I read now is 'ok' but I don't send it to all my friends and print it to make my wife read it. Am I the only one who feels like this?","output":"I agree with you. BUT things which don't feel like revelations can also be extremely important. After all, you can't be a great hacker if you keep wasting your time on errands :-) Keep writing, Paul."},{"input":"An article on Micro Economics by Joel Spolsky","output":"...from 2002!"},{"input":"Can someone explain to me why this is important? That is, other than to impresss someone with how much you can drink, which means you are childish or have serious self image problems. ","output":"Hard to believe, I know, but the linked article actually explains that! You should give it a read."},{"input":"you know, I like Paul Grahams stuff. I'm not one of these people who dislike him because he's successful or because he's popular. Interestingly he wrote an essay on Being Popular, but it was talking about quite the opposite. Now he's popular, does that cause problems? Anyway, I've decided to register with Reddit and post something, but only because I'm avoiding doing this particular piece of work ;) As I've said, I like Pauls work, BUT I just get the feeling that its waning - his earlier stuff was was a real 'wow' factor for me as it was exactly what I'd been thinking and mirrored what we were doing. What I read now is 'ok' but I don't send it to all my friends and print it to make my wife read it. Am I the only one who feels like this?","output":"I don't think work has to be bone-crushingly insightful to be valuable. It helps to have it written out so you can keep reading what you already know."},{"input":"Heh. I think the people saying that Paul Graham is popular and famous might wanna compare him to the 'celebritys' constantly blasted at us on the TV for a while and ponder. He entertain's me, and the reddit crowd seem to like him but nobody else has ever heard of him for heavens sake. Procrastination, yeah. Well I tried not mowing the lawn. Turns out the neighbours would rather complain while pushing thier own mower over it than they would knock on my door and ask me to mow it myself. Not that I own a mower or anything. Stupid bit of grass. I wanna pave it over with a giant chessboard really, but I can't afford it.","output":"Yeah, to reiterate that point, I had never heard of Paul Graham until I started getting into Reddit."},{"input":"Is writing an essay on procastination really the hardest problem in Paul Graham's field? :)","output":"It's probably significantly less hard than finishing Arc."},{"input":"It's probably significantly less hard than finishing Arc.","output":"Wow... Quite the rebuttal to his entire article, isn't it?"},{"input":"Yeah, to reiterate that point, I had never heard of Paul Graham until I started getting into Reddit.","output":"For me, and a number of people I know, Paul Graham is the reason I have heard of reddit, not the other way round. I think I heard of him through slashdot a couple of years back, and have regularly checked his site for updates ever since. I imagine that reddit's success in quickly creating a wide-reaching community is largely due to the links Paul has put on his site."},{"input":"For me, and a number of people I know, Paul Graham is the reason I have heard of reddit, not the other way round. I think I heard of him through slashdot a couple of years back, and have regularly checked his site for updates ever since. I imagine that reddit's success in quickly creating a wide-reaching community is largely due to the links Paul has put on his site.","output":"Oh yeah, I've been reading his essays since I started trying to learn lisp a while back. He is, nevertheless, not famous. Oh yes."},{"input":"Is writing an essay on procastination really the hardest problem in Paul Graham's field? :)","output":"Oddly enough, yes, it's one of them. I deliberately decided to focus on writing essays in 2005. It seems to me a fairly hard problem, to try to get to the bottom of questions a lot of people have wondered about."},{"input":"'Assholism in 38 Easy Steps.'","output":"amen to that."},{"input":"Wow... Quite the rebuttal to his entire article, isn't it?","output":"No, I don't think it is. It may mean that he's engaging in type-b procrastination by writing essays instead of hacking on Arc, but it could also mean that he considers writing essays to be more important at the moment. Personally, I'd rather he finish Arc, but it's not up to me."},{"input":"How is this not bank fraud?","output":"He banked a check from a get-rich-quick marketing scheme. The get-rich-quick company had accidentally designed a real check, and sent it out to thousands of people. This particular recipient banked it, and the bank were obliged to pay it. The bank transferred the money from the sender's account to the recipient. Where's the fraud?"},{"input":"this guy is evil","output":"Oh yeah, he ruthlessly took advantage of a poor defenceless, get-rich-quick scheme."},{"input":"This is why we can't use common sense anymore: there's always some guy who'll try to exploit any possible loophole. Of course, I would do the same thing he did, no question about it.","output":"The marketing company was trying to exploit a loophole by sending out realistic checks with 'non-negotiable' printed on them. They hadn't researched their loophole properly and had actually been sending out real checks. This is a victory for common sense: 'don't send out checks unless you want to them to be cashed'."},{"input":"You know whats procrastination? Sitting in front of your machine all day long doing nothing but reading all the 'hot' articles on reddit.","output":"Amen to that!"},{"input":"another nice way to procrastinate!!","output":"it's strangely mesmerizing to watch the patterns, then set fire to the oil"},{"input":"What was the case about? Who was being sued, for what? Not much news in this alleged news story.","output":"Actually, given the fact that the quote is just one sentence of a mystery ruling, my suspicion is that the ruling was actually in the ACLU's favor. This is the sort of quoting-out-of-context that wacko partisans use when they want to make a claim contrary to what the law really says."},{"input":"I knew that was going to happen :P. I'm not sure how I missed the remake of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre's rating, but of course Ebert reviews so many movies and I wouldn't go looking for that movie's review, knowing it was bad already. I still think this is a first for Ebert though. Even The Texas Chainsaw Massacre's review didn't say that the movie was so horrific that it crossed any sort of line. He is disparaging of TTCM, yes, but not abhorrent. At least that's my take ;)","output":"Point taken. If I had to discern from the reviews which movie he hated more, it would appear to be 'Wolf Creek' by a slight margin. I guess I'm guilty of inferring that he thought TCM was over the line, even though he didn't actually say it. I'm not trying to argue any point - I just find it interesting to observe Roger as he occasionally puts adds a movie to that 'over the line' category. The movie 'Chaos' that samf pointed out is another example; actually a much better example than TCM. I'll probably rent 'Wolf Creek' sometime in the future, just to see if I agree with Roger. I have a feeling I will. That's the funny thing about movies made just to shock. They'll have made a buck off of me just because I wanted to see how depraved it was, even though I knew going in I probably would not have liked it. For what it's worth, I thought the TCM remake was pretty weak overall."},{"input":"Macros are like sperm. They are different when they are your own. And people keep talking about the EJB mess like its 1998. Get over it.","output":"EJB is still a mess, hence the effort to clean it up in EJB 3.0. Might be too late, but good luck to them."},{"input":"you know, I like Paul Grahams stuff. I'm not one of these people who dislike him because he's successful or because he's popular. Interestingly he wrote an essay on Being Popular, but it was talking about quite the opposite. Now he's popular, does that cause problems? Anyway, I've decided to register with Reddit and post something, but only because I'm avoiding doing this particular piece of work ;) As I've said, I like Pauls work, BUT I just get the feeling that its waning - his earlier stuff was was a real 'wow' factor for me as it was exactly what I'd been thinking and mirrored what we were doing. What I read now is 'ok' but I don't send it to all my friends and print it to make my wife read it. Am I the only one who feels like this?","output":"No, you're not the only one, I've had somewhat of the same reaction. I still enjoy the essays, but they aren't compelling to me in the way that some of Graham's earlier essays on language design were. Maybe it's just the subject matter: I'm not very interested in starting a startup. Someone who was trying to do so might find the essays on that compelling."},{"input":"There are still some Graham pages left to be posted on reddit?","output":"Paul seems to be using Reddit to host his comment system now, so presumably there won't be for long."},{"input":"Oh yeah, he ruthlessly took advantage of a poor defenceless, get-rich-quick scheme.","output":"Read the article: he only took advantage of his bank."},{"input":"I like it because they do a little experiment instead of philosophizing endlessly about hypothetical benefits or drawbacks of various computer languages. It's a cute little study with limited but well-defined goals and, within its limits, creadible results. The only thing I find strange is that there's significantly more whitespace in the scheme code than in the ocaml code. And empty lines are counted.","output":"Yes. Performance is clearly quite an objective measure and verbosity is clearly quite an inherently subjective measure. I originally used only LOC but, after much objection from the Lisp and Scheme communities, I also tried chars, words, tokens and so on. Basically, this does not change the results and, in particular, the ordering of the languages remains the same. I'll put the other graphs up at some point... Cheers, Jon Harrop. "},{"input":"The author apparently missed the entire point of the essay. 'Was a great Sysadmin' isn't something I want in my obituary. System administration isn't one of the great problems in CS, so why do it? The point is to do great things, not be great at doing something. And most people won't do that, so we'll have a steady supply of sysadmins :-D","output":"Exactly. The essay is about creative works and is applicable to artists."},{"input":"In Europe it is not that uncommon for a woman to skip a period from time to time by just continuing their contraceptive intake. In Europe contraceptive pills are provided in 21 pill packs and you stop taking them for 7 days rather than using a placebo which, from the article, appears to be the case in the US. So it is relatively easy to just go on to the next pack. Likewise users of the oestrogen only so called 'mini-pill' usually take these 28 days a cycle and have reduced or no period as a result.","output":"Some birth control pills have 'placebo' pills that do still have hormones in them. Just a different mix. Dunno what the content &amp; effect is. Anyway, I think skipping periods for whatever reason is a worldwide practice."},{"input":"There's no mention here of why women might not want to lose their monthly period, of thousands of years of cultural and spiritual signifigance, of what might be lost if the feminine spirit breaks her connection to the moon. Just 'Hey neato idea for the modern woman on the go!'","output":"You have mischaracterized the article."},{"input":"Nothing of substance in here","output":"Agreed."},{"input":"I have read quite a few of Paul Graham's essays and I have also read his book 'Hackers and Painters'. I have to say that I agree with most of what he writes. The problem with the procrastination essay is that it seems to assume that most of us live in a world where we can choose what to do. I would love to work on the 'big problems' in my field. I am not afraid to tackle difficult problems. The way the world works today however, it seems that only projects that have early returns are viable. If you have a lot of money and you can work on whatever you want without worrying about money, then the essay is right on. But in the real world, if you want to work on a project you have to get funding. Good luck getting funding for a 'big project' that promises results in 10 or more years! The ones giving you the money always want results every few months. You are forced to work on small problems just to prove that you are making progress. Even in academia, you have to work on small problems so that you can write a lot of papers. People seem to think that it's better if someone has written 30 'small project' papers than if he has written one 'large project' paper. It would be great if we could work on big projects, but the way corporations and academia work today, you cannot do that. You are forced to work on small projects to get results quickly in order to satisfy the ones giving you the money.","output":"Maybe you have to work on the big stuff in your spare time, like Einstein in the patent office."},{"input":"I work with Russians a lot. The situation previously where too many people were given a lot of wealth for very little really annoyed most of the people. This is swinging things the other way and I think that sometimes the people of Russia like to be told what to do as this has been the situation there for a very very long time","output":"Even so, precedence does not automatically make situations acceptable."},{"input":"Wow, what a wonderful story by McCarty. I almost couldn't stop laughing. However I think that he actually understands people, if not all people, at least lawyers very well.","output":"personally i think McCarthy gets everybody's motivations right, lawyers and otherwise. he's just not good at giving his characters humanizing details. think how much better the story would have been if he had been able to fill in how the baby's mother ended up in the situation she was in. it would have drawn me in a lot more, and gotten me emotionally involved. i get the feeling that jmc doesn't even understand why that would be beneficial."},{"input":"The potential requirement for session management and saving single apps state seems at odds with an avoidance of paging because of the flash memory used for storage. Should be a fun project though. I bet 20% of these laptops get broken soon after distribution. They will then be used for more primitive tools such as plates, shovels, garden hoe, etc. :P","output":"&gt; I bet 20% of these laptops get broken soon after distribution. They will then be used for more primitive tools such as plates, shovels, garden hoe, etc. :P Lol, I really hope not, but it honestly wouldn't suprise me."},{"input":"does this mean you could anonymously browse from the Moxula browser inside of this environment?","output":"no, because xul runs client side. and its still your browser that makes the requests. hth"},{"input":"Surely everybody means VIM when they say vi, right? I use VIM daily, but vanilla vi? No thanks!","output":"I think so. But it is easy for a vim guy to downgrade to vi on an solaris or such stuff, where vim is not available."},{"input":"Maybe you have to work on the big stuff in your spare time, like Einstein in the patent office.","output":"That's what I'm doing at the moment. But because of my limited spare time things are moving slowly. Hopefully I will have more spare time in the future. Thank you for your answer."},{"input":"You say 'This probably sounds nasty, but here's the bottom line: shoplifting and theft at stores like this is not my problem. I am not part of the problem, and I am not going to be a willing participant in your solution.' But thats like saying to the security guy at the airport 'security isn't my problem. I'm not part of the problem. So'm I'm just going to mosey on through and take my seat.' You might be right, and you're living by your principles, but you could be dead too. I think staying alive is the wisest option, unless you're really willing to take responsibility for the consequences of your actions. OK, so maybe thats a little bit dramatic and over the top, but you have to ask yourself 'is this really worth getting into an argument over? am I willing to pay the consequeces? How far will I go if they step it up a notch ?' In many situations, the wrong answer to that question will result in even bigger problems, even if you're 'right'. Stand up for the things you believe in, but choose your battles wisely.","output":"Your comparison is invalid. Life safety is entirely different than loss prevention. Even if the two workers look the same, they have entirely different duties and legal limitations. At most the employee who lacked even suspision of theft could have taken a plate number and called the police. Intimidating people in a parking lot is a great way be the target of a self-defense shoot. "},{"input":"Ever seen that ad with Lebron James, and the full court practice shots? Same digital artist at work here.","output":"That's exactly what I thought when I saw it. The LeBron James one was part of a Powerade campaign, also featuring the whale that landed on the kayaker."},{"input":"I promoted this post, because ODCD is good stuff-- Gandhi and King and all that. Nevertheless, this is old news.","output":"Really. 1849 is old news. Hey man, thanks for letting us know!"},{"input":"Uh, this is already the top link on reddit.","output":"I just wanted to check what reddit does against reposting when slightly changing the URL. Turns out: nothing -- but negative karma will hit."},{"input":"I thought the difference was blue gradients and large fonts.","output":"Or bevel drop shadow with left menu and table layout to solid colors with top menu and css layout"},{"input":"Without regard to your points drew, I was curious: Did you notice that it was supposed to be sarcastic?","output":"... yes....... and obviously, I'm not being sarcastic."},{"input":"This is probably the third time I've seen this here. -1","output":"that's ok, I skimmed this a couple of weeks ago, went back to reddit several days later so that I could follow up and read it in full, but couldn't find it! To Reddit staff: I suspect this will likely become a problem in the future - though for this particular article I'm pleased ;) - so maybe there should be a way to mark and item 'duplicate', by clicking on 'duplicate' finding the original and linking the two articles. After the first duplicate entry, other users can simply verify whether it is indeed a dupe, and after x number of people determine it to be a dupe, it's removed from reddit or placed under the original."},{"input":"you know, I like Paul Grahams stuff. I'm not one of these people who dislike him because he's successful or because he's popular. Interestingly he wrote an essay on Being Popular, but it was talking about quite the opposite. Now he's popular, does that cause problems? Anyway, I've decided to register with Reddit and post something, but only because I'm avoiding doing this particular piece of work ;) As I've said, I like Pauls work, BUT I just get the feeling that its waning - his earlier stuff was was a real 'wow' factor for me as it was exactly what I'd been thinking and mirrored what we were doing. What I read now is 'ok' but I don't send it to all my friends and print it to make my wife read it. Am I the only one who feels like this?","output":"Part of the problem here might be the fact that you already have been exposed to some of his other works. Many ideas and concepts, even his style of writing, which initially seemed compelling are now 'old news'. Although I think that is part of the problem for me, some of his articles are starting to feel rushed. My most prominent example is 'How to Fund a Startup', which felt more like an encyclopedia entry than the entertaining discourse to which I am accustomed."},{"input":"I agree with brendankohler, I can't stand how Joel seems to insist upon high GPAs and elite schools. Is he running an investment bank or a software development shop? Shouldn't he be looking for creative people that can brainstorm new products? I can't see how a high GPA and an elite school can fit that mold. This criteria seems to fit too many kids who are killing themselves to please their parents and professors - they don't seem to be creative people who can take a mature technology and use it in a new way. I think Joel is not being able to see the different perspectives that are needed in producing a good product. He is concentrating too much on one dimension of his candidates. BTW, I think Smalltalk is the best language for teaching software development. It provides a good foundation in OO principles and is very easy to learn. ","output":"I dunno, I think Google is pretty creative."},{"input":"Yes, Amnesty International are being targeted as 'anti-foreigner' and racist...","output":"'If I criticise the Islamic community over these problems, I find that the Germans criticise me for being anti-foreigner.' Who's talking about AI? And what are they doing in UK and Germany?"},{"input":"what does web two point oh have to do with anything like this?","output":"Most likely, nothing. The intent of Fortress is to be a better language a la Fortran for math-intensive programming."},{"input":"Posted by the author. Not necessarily a good or bad thing. I'm new in the community so I don't know if this is something that happens often.","output":"I think it is ok. I'm more annoyed by old News. I demote anything older than 2005."},{"input":"'The most dangerous species of owner ... is the one who gets into the business for love.' Can the same be said of software company owners?","output":"Is software development art or craftmanship? You need different kinds of love. The crazy, emotional One for art, but the deep, lasting One for craftmanship."},{"input":"It is clear you are more interested in railing against the right than having any sort of actual discussion about this - you've said I've 'lied', used 'scraps of hearsay', mentioned the 'notorious' and 'extreme' right, and that my suggestion is 'ridiculous'. I'm not sure why you feel the need to be so vitriolic about this. Yet your 'understandng' is just as teniuous as mine. At least I've given you a few links from a variet of sources - not all of which can be said to be 'notoriously right wing' - that demonstrate why I have the impression I do on the matter.","output":"So you are seriously saying that the government is tolerating murders 'under a banner of cultural sensitivity'? Your links were informative but I don't see how they could lead to this conclusion."},{"input":"this is a intresting idea.","output":"And devoid of content."},{"input":"Yeah, well, I'd never heard of you either.","output":"well said. "},{"input":"firefox has fewer bugs than IE? old news...","output":"Sure, that is. But the fact that there was a remote root out there for IE for ~98% of 2004 is not surprising? I knew it was bad, but not that bad."},{"input":"Lame. Whoever voted for this, go away to digg please.","output":"So I spent 2 minutes of watching a guy say yes to get to the 'funny' part of a guy cussing? What are we, 5? I agree, go back to Digg."},{"input":"'It's a good question. We know it's not Islam and we know that it has happened in many societies. Do you have a theory?' Uh, could it be that some men are psycho control freaks, and any excuse will do? ","output":"How dare you not obey my every demand and refuse to worship the ground I walk on!? You do not do these things I ask of you; therefore the Flying Spagetti Monster requires I kill you."},{"input":"This is kind of old... funny, but old. Do we really need to post everything that was passed around in 1992 by chain letters?","output":"It may be old, but it was discussed for an hour or more on Jerry Springer's Air America talk show recently. Some folks took it seriously especially from the South."}]
